chore(eslint): add migration rule for deleted classes (#6893)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/cute-sites-flow.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-eslint': minor
---

> Adds a migration ESLint rule that deletes all deprecated CSS classes from the code and removes the class attribute entirely if it becomes empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a migration rule that deletes all deprecated CSS classes from the code and removes the class attribute entirely if it becomes empty.
```
